Watch Bus - Privacy Policy
Version: June 39, 2019

This Privacy Policy describes how SpiderPowa Studio (“We”, “Us”) collects, processes, and uses your personal information on Watch Bus browser extension, Watch Bus mobile application, or any other services in connection with Watch Bus (the “Service”).

We may update this Privacy Policy periodically without giving prior notice to you, and it is your responsibility to review this Privacy Policy from time to time to ensure you have reviewed the most recent version thereof.

I. HOW WATCH BUS COLLECTS INFORMATION ABOUT YOU
When you use the Service, we do not collect your personally identifiable information unless you try to communicate with us. Depending on how you reach out to us, we may obtain your name, email address, or phone number or any personally identifiable information you provide to us. When you use the Service, we do not collect your personally identifiable information including your wallet address created or import to Watch Bus. In addition to personally identifiable information specified this Privacy Policy, we also collect certain Cookies information which you may find in a separate Cookies Policy for the Service.

Throughout this Privacy Policy, the term “personally identifiable information” means information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person; an identifiable natural person is one who can be identified, directly or indirectly, in particular by reference to an identifier such as a name, an identification number, location data, an online identifier or to one or more factors specific to the physical, physiological, genetic, mental, economic, cultural or social identity of that natural person.

II. HOW WATCH BUS PROCESSES YOUR INFORMATION WHEN YOU COMMUNICATE WITH SPIDERPOWA STUDIO.
As addressed above, we do not store and process your personally identifiable information unless you try to communicate with SpiderPowa Studio. In any cases, we will not retain your personally identifiable information for longer than is reasonably necessary for the purpose(s) for which they were collected or for a maximum of five (5) years, whichever period is shorter. Regarding your personally identifiable information, you have the right to:

Obtain access to your information held about you in our files;
Ask for your information to be corrected;
Request the restriction of the processing of your information;
Have your information deleted; and
Limit the processing of your information under permitted circumstances.
III. If you consider that we have not processed your information in compliance with the applicable regulations, you can contact us at support@spiderpowa.com.
